add -z option for compressed file transfer (#52)
koesterlab/data-science-for-bioinfo: src/servers/data_transfer.md

```
rsync -avP folder <user>@<dest_server_address>:/abs/dest/path/folder
```
### Data compression during the transfer

> In case of bandwidth shortage and in order to speed up the transfer, `-z` option can be added and `-azvP` can be used.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
In case you have a very limited transfer bandwidth, for example when accessing a network through a bottlenecked connection, you might be able to speed up the transfer by compressing files for the transfer.
This can be done using the following option:
```
--compress, -z           compress file data during the transfer
```
Together with the above recommendations, the command then becomes `rsync -azvP`.

However, please note that this can also slow down the transfer, if the compression on the sending machine (or the decompression on the receiving machine) becomes an even tighter the bottleneck.
For recommendations on how to test whether compression increases (or decreases) your transfer speed, see [this answer to the `serverfault` question `Should I use rsync compression over a gigabit LAN?` ](https://serverfault.com/a/746375/959769).
````
